Add troubleshoots on invalid client credentials (#899)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/admin-troubleshooting.adoc

sudo update-ca-certificates
----

== Error `Invalid client credentials`

> When use dex & gangway to do authenticated and authorizated, you might see an error message in the output of Web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When use dex & gangway to do authentication, you might see an error message in the output of the Web browser.
```

----
oauth2: cannot fetch token: 401 Unauthorized
Response: {"error":"invalid_client","error_description":"Invalid client credentials."}
----

This message indicates that your {kube} cluster dex & gangway client secret is out of sync. Please update the dex & gangway ConfigMap use the same client secret.

[source,bash]
----
kubectl get configmap oidc-dex-config > oidc-dex-config.yaml
kubectl get configmap oidc-gangway-config > oidc-gangway-config.yaml
----

> Make sure the oidc's `secret` in `oidc-dex-config.yaml` equals to the `clientSecret` in `oidc-gangway-config.yaml`. Then, applying the updated ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the `secret` in `oidc-dex-config.yaml` equals to the `clientSecret` in `oidc-gangway-config.yaml`. Then, applying the updated ConfigMap.
```
